docs: update for OEP-58 implementation - FC-55 and FC-12 (#540)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/developers/how-tos/enable-translations-new-repo.rst

Before submitting a pull request for review in the `openedx-translations repo`_, you should test the workflow
on a fork by following the steps below:

#. Add the ``make extract_translation`` into your fork of the new repository e.g. ``Zeit-Labs/credentials`` in a new branch e.g. ``omar/add-pull-translations``
#. Fork the `openedx-translations repo`_ e.g. ``Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations``.
#. In your fork, modify the `extract-translation-source-files.yml`_ file in a new branch e.g. ``omar/add-credentials``.
#. Go to the ``Actions`` tab in your repository (e.g. ``Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations``)
#. From the left section, pick the `"Extract Translation Source Files" section in your fork`_
#. Click on the "Run workflow" dropdown button with the following parameters:

>    - **Use workflow from branch:** ``omar/add-credentials``

Reviewer: Is this a brand that people will have, or should this be like,

```suggestion
   - **Use workflow from your branch:** ``your-branch-name``
```

Also at line 189

   - **Repository to extract translation source files from:** ``credentials``
   - **The ref to extract translation source files from:** ``omar/add-pull-translations``
   - Click on the "Run workflow" button

#. Verify the action ran successfully
#. Verify the new automated branch e.g. ``automated/extract-translation-source-files-20230903T001829`` has been created with a new commit e.g. ``chore: add updated translation source files`` has been created

Once all the above steps are verified, the extraction step is ready for use and the pull request has been tested.

In order to test the ``make pull_translations`` step, please follow the steps below:

#. Add any test translations to your fork of the `openedx-translations repo`_ in the repo directory to overcome the
   fact that translations don't exist in the upstream `openedx-translations repo`_ yet.

   We recommend copying existing translations. For example to test `credentials`_ we would copy the
   `course discovery translations`_ directory and modify it to include `credentials`_ conf/locale.

> #. Temporarily pull translations from the fork using the Makefile command e.g. ``make ATLAS_OPTIONS="--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations --revision=omar/add-credentials" pull_translations``

Reviewer: Depending on the above comment should this be

```suggestion
#. Temporarily pull translations from the fork using the Makefile command e.g. ``make ATLAS_OPTIONS="--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations --revision=your-branch-name" pull_translations``
```

Reviewer 2: `--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations` should probably also be updated to be `your-branch-name`

.. _chore - add updated translation source files #615: https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/pull/615
.. _Updates for file translations/frontend-app-learning/src/i18n/transifex_input.json in de on branch main #598: https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/pull/598
.. _course discovery translations: https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/tree/f0315d4/translations/course-discovery/course_discovery/conf/locale
.. _transifex.yml: https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/blob/main/transifex.yml
.. _Drag and Drop XBlock transifex.yml entry: https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/blob/19c0fcbbc334c56022df355fa5b529e5853d30f9/transifex.yml#L253-L259

> .. _edx-platform Redwood: https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/commit/e7fc0c6b6f8b44fa4bcc71d00ae2931f91cc664c

Reviewer: Should this be a tag?

Reviewer 2: I think the naming is just confusing here. The link is to the commit `feat: \`atlas pull\` for XBlock translations | FC-0012`. Linking to the tagged version wouldn't provide the same context as linking to this commit.

I think another possible option would be to link to the PR (https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/pull/33698), so up on line 48 where it says "Redwood or newer" we could change that to be "A version of edx-platform that includes PR 33698 (Redwood or newer)."

Author: Fixed, now Redwood is behind us. Removing the link altogether makes more sense.

.. _Tutor: https://docs.tutor.overhang.io/

> .. _devstack: https://github.com/openedx/devstack/

Author: good catch, now done!
